Distinguished guests
The show officially begins
Let's invite Su Mingcheng and a special guest
Hello, my name is Su Mingcheng
I want to marry him
Can you help me?
When I'm done with Miss Su
The three young masters of the Su family
You can marry whoever you want
Fortunately, Sister Yingying went to the toilet and didn't come back yet.
You are not afraid of being heard by her
She is not as easy to mix as that trash in Sunan
How about today?
I have invited a special guest
Play with me
That's my dearest sister.
Everyone is welcome
How do I feel?
This mysterious person is a bit like Brother Sunan
How is that possible?
You read it wrong.
Hello, I'm Su Mingcheng's sister. No
This mystery belongs to Sunan